---
layout: post
title: The best new hiking or trekking pants for 2017
description: An overview of the newest hiking or trekking pants on the market.
date: 2016-08-18 07:30:00
published: false
category: articles
tags:
  - articles
  - best
  - hiking pants
---


The links on this site contain affiliate links. If you purchase thru the links you help support our blog. <a href="http://www.hikeventures.com/about/" target="_blank">Here</a> you can read who we are.

## Berghaus Fast Climb Pant
The Berghaus Fast Climb Pants are stretchable summer alpine climbing pants. They are made of a softshell fabric and weight 350 grams. The pants also feature knee protection, adjustable calf- and ankle zip, pull on elasticated waistband and zipped mesh vents around the tight.

<!--more-->

## Fjällräven Abisko Trekking Tights
Fjällräven launches the world's first trekking tights featuring zippered hand pockets, loops for attaching gear and reinforcments over the knees and rear. The weight of the Fjällräven Abisko Trekking Tights is 300 grams for men.

## Fjällräven Abisko Shade Trousers
The Fjällräven Abisko Shade Trousers are made for warm and sunny climates. Those trousers use a new fabric called Fjällräven G-1000 Air. The trousers feature side ventilation zippers and a ventilating rear yoke. It's also possible to roll up the legs and attach them at 3/4-length with straps. The Fjällräven Abisko Shade Trousers weights 350 grams.


---

# Discounts
<div class="row">
  <div class="col-sm-12">
<center>
 <script type="text/javascript" src="http://classic.avantlink.com/api.php?affiliate_id=125311&module=ProductSearch&output=js&website_id=150351&search_term=hiking AND rain AND pants AND men&search_advanced_syntax=1&merchant_ids=10008%7C10060%7C11741%7C10913%7C11243%7C10785%7C10086%7C13273%7C10083%7C10248%7C10049%7C10921%7C10279%7C10345%7C10593%7C10337%7C10943&search_on_sale_only=1&search_price_minimum=200&search_on_sale_level=20&search_results_layout=list&search_results_fields=Product+Name%7CSale+Price%7CPrice+Discount+Percent&search_results_count=8&search_results_sort_order=Sale+Price"></script>
</center>
  </div>
</div>

---

<script type="text/javascript">
amzn_assoc_placement = "adunit0";
amzn_assoc_search_bar = "false";
amzn_assoc_tracking_id = "hikeve-20";
amzn_assoc_search_bar_position = "top";
amzn_assoc_ad_mode = "search";
amzn_assoc_ad_type = "smart";
amzn_assoc_marketplace = "amazon";
amzn_assoc_region = "US";
amzn_assoc_title = "GPS Outdoor Watches";
amzn_assoc_default_search_phrase = "suunto spartan";
amzn_assoc_default_category = "All";
amzn_assoc_linkid = "edb1d00e614ad3a35eb0a5421405645c";
</script>
<script src="//z-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/onejs?MarketPlace=US"></script>
