---
published: false
title: OutDoor Show 2017 in Friedrichshafen
description: Our visit to the OutDoor Show 2017
date: 2017-06-05 18:14:01
category: articles
tags:
  - articles
  - show
  - OutDoor
  - Friedrichshafen
layout: post
---
This year we went to the OutDoor Show 2017 in Friedrichshafen to look for new exciting products on the market which could be useful for our next outdoor adventures.

We have been on the show for 1 1/2 days and it was nice to see some familiar faces again which we met at the ISPO last year in Munich.

Here are the brands which we have interviewed during the show:

## Adidas
Adidas showed us 3 products.
## Berghaus
Fast Hike Backpack (20L, 32L and 45L)
## Bushcraft Essentials
We discovered Bushcraft Essentials at the OutDoor Show and their concept of a bushcraft stove was quite fascinating. It's essentially all about light weight and versatility.
## Faltboot
## GoalZero
## Heatholders
## Hilleberg
## Kupilka
## Light My Fire
Dining Kit
Black Pearl Camp Kit
## Lowa
## Lundhags
## Morakniv
## MSR
Windburner Stove System
TrailShot
Clean Water Bag 2L (more puncture resistant and lighter than the red version. It's also BPA free.
MSR Pocket Rocket 2
NeoAir Caper Duo
NeoTherm XTherm Max SV

## NRS
Expedition Duffle
Ninja PFD
WRSI Current Pro Helmet
Maverick Cold Gloves
## Oregon Outside
Hybrid Jacket
Light Matter Tent
## Robens
## Therm-a-Rest
## Thule
## Western Mountaineering
UltraLite best selling sleeping bag
## Wildo

In general, we really liked the OutDoor show since it focuses more on our activities compared to the ISPO.

There have been also quite many smaller outdoor gear manufacturers trying to innovate with new products. We will definitely visit the OutDoor show again in 2018.
