---
layout: post
title: Örö Island - A mediterranean gem in Finland
date: 2016-06-14 17:41
comments: true
published: false
description: A packrafting adventures in the Finnish Archipelago.
category: destinations
tags: [destinations, finland, Finnish Archipelago, Örö]
---

* cultural history,
* different landscape
* new facilities
* good signage
* good toilets wwith toilet paper located around the island
* restaurant and coffee places
* only one place to make fire
* no fire place at the tent site
* need for a gas stove
* no clear sign for the landing spot for kayaks .... Sand beach was mentioned by metsahaitus blasmussel women. 
* 2 places where you can get fresh water. 
* Sauna with nice swimming spot
* lots of military places left how they were e.g beds. * *Sense of history was very present. 
* Lots of signs where not to go or attention of danger. It seems that it was not prohibited to go there and  one just needed to becareful. 
* Signs and cable fence. 
* Really nice harbour for boaters. 
* Hostel or hotel. 
* Restaurant advisable to make reservation because they have limited capacity of cooking but lots of space for people. 
* 2 tracks - blue and red. Blue goes south west -  red goes north-north-east. 
* Nice forest surrounded by fence, old cobelt roads used to transfer the canons and heavy material around the island. 
* Gracing animals were sheep and it seems that theymake sausages. 
* Prices in the restaurant are quite common as in other finnish restaurants.
* Poisenous snakes. 
* Nice sand beaches. 
* Gravel and stones. 
* Research with lamps that contained poisenous gas and should not be touched.
* Lots of traces of former military life e.g barracks for soldiers. 
* Good trail blazing and a lot of interpretation panels in 3 languages engl swed and finnish. 
* Staff was mostly young and very friendly. 
* At camping we met 3 women for camping. One of them came last year and brought her friends this year to ahow them the ialand.
* They stayed for 2 nights.
* There is a ferry going between kasnas and oro. Bicyclcles can also be taken on board.
* fortificatin was really amazing. 
* Lots of swans in the bay.
* During our visit it was always windy except in the forest and at the camp site. 
* It was safe. to keep the lugagge in the tent while we explored the island.
* 25 eur both way and 16 eur one way for the boat. 
* One vegetarian dish one the main course. One course with lamb from island.
* Lighthouse visible even so 13 km away. 
* Located in the outer archipelago - one of the last big islands. 250 to Gotland and 500 km to Gdansk.
* Interpreration panels where first written in swedish then finnish and then english
* Diving need apecial permit. 
* Whole list on what is allowed and not is provided on several places. 
* No grocery store on the island.
* A number of towers, antenna and lighthouse tower, radar tower but no lookout tower which is a bit of a pity. 
* Bit there are many viewing spots along the trail. 
* Bery good signed on the trail and on the map. 
* Many of them have new woodwn stairs leading up to them. 
* Talking about wild life, there are some seals in the neighborhood. 
* Guy was cleaning perches.
