---
layout: post
title: The best new hiking and backpacking backpacks for 2017
description: Need a new backpack for your next outdoor adventure? Here are a selection of the latest models for 2017.
date: 2016-08-01 07:30:00
category: articles
tags:
  - articles
  - best
  - backpacks
---

Are you looking for a new backpack in 2017 for your next hiking or backpacking adventures? Here is a selection of the best new backpack models for 2017. When buying a backpack it's usually a good idea to buy a backpack for a specific purpose. For a multiday hiking trip you should get probably the largest size possible (depending on how much clothes and food you need). 

<!--more-->

---

# Overview of the best new backpacks 2017

|Backpack|Weight (grams)|
|:---|:---|
| Berghaus Remote 12 | 460 |
| Hyperlite Mountain Gear Daypack| 539 |
| Berghaus Remote 20 | 605 |
| Berghaus Remote 28 | 755 |
| Thule Capstone 22 | 880 |
| Berghaus Remote 35 | 900 |
| Berhaus Freeflow 20| 840 |
| Berhaus Freeflow 25| 1155 |
| Berhaus Freeflow 30| 1105 |
| Thule Capstone 32| 1220 |
| Berhaus Freeflow 35| 1305 |
| Thule Capstone 40 | 1400 |
| Thule Capstone 50 | 1460 |
| Berhaus Freeflow 40| 1485|
| Fjällräven Abisko Friluft 35 | 1550 |
| Fjällräven Abisko Friluft 45 | 1600 |
| Ortlieb Elevation Pro2 | 1700 |
| Mammut 55L |  2060 |
| Mammut 65L | 2160  |
| Thule Guidepost 65 | 2663 |
| Thule Guidepost 75 | 2759 |
| Thule Guidepost 85| 2862 |


> Table is sorted by weight and only contains a selection of brands.

---

# Discounts
<div class="row">
  <div class="col-sm-12">
 <script type="text/javascript" src="http://classic.avantlink.com/api.php?affiliate_id=125311&module=ProductSearch&output=js&website_id=150351&search_term=backpack AND hiking &search_advanced_syntax=1&merchant_ids=10008%7C10060%7C11741%7C10913%7C11243%7C10785%7C10086%7C13273%7C10083%7C10248%7C10049%7C10921%7C10279%7C10345%7C10593%7C10337%7C10943&search_on_sale_only=1&search_price_minimum=200&search_on_sale_level=20&search_results_layout=list&search_results_fields=Product+Name%7CSale+Price%7CPrice+Discount+Percent&search_results_count=8&search_results_sort_order=Sale+Price"></script>

  </div>
</div>

---

## Berghaus Remote 12, 20, 28 and 35
The Berghaus Remote backpacks are new walking backpacks for shorter trips. They feature a venting back system.

* Berghaus Remote 35 (900 grams)
* Berghaus Remote 28 (755 grams)
* Berghaus Remote 20 (605 grams)
* Berghaus Remote 12 (460 grams) 

## Berghaus Freeflow 20, 25, 30, 35 and 40
The Berghaus Freeflow keeps you cooler as it features a new back design for improved air circulation.

* Berghaus Freeflow 40 (1485 grams)
* Berghaus Freeflow 35 (1305 grams)
* Berghaus Freeflow 30 (1105 grams)
* Berghaus Freeflow 25 (1155 grams) 
* Berghaus Freeflow 20 (840 grams)

## Fjällräven Abisko Friluft 35 and 45
The Fjällräven Abisko Friluft is designed for hot and humid climates and made of G-1000 Heavyduty Eco (which is recycled polyester and cotton). It is possible to get to your gear and clothes from the top and the full front-panel opening. The Fjällräven Abisko Friluft also features a reinforced base to protect your gear and clothes against moisture.

* Fjällräven Abisko Friluft 35 (1550 grams)
* Fjällräven Abisko Friluft 45 (1600 grams)

## Hyperlite Mountain Gear Daypack 
The Hyperlite Mountain Gear Daypack has been designed for daytrips and weights 539 grams. Some of the backpacks features are a large external front pocket, removeable ice axe attachements, side water bottle pockets, water-resistant YKK zipper, internal zippered pocket for small gear. The Daypack is available in small, medium and large.

## Mammut 55L and 65 L
The Mammut Creon Crest can load 20 kg and designed for hiking and multi-day tours. The bottom and the side compartments can be compressed and trekking poles can be attached as well. It's also possible to turn the ventilated air space suspension system into a system with close contact to the back.

* Mammut 55L (2060 grams) 
* Mammut 65L (2160 grams)


## Ortlieb Elevation Pro2
The Ortlieb Elevation Pro2 is a heavy duty waterproof alpine backpack available with 42L and was developed with the Austrian Alpine Rescue Team. The backpack features a waterproof zippered pocket and a rope can be attached on the fixing straps as well. The lid compartment can be taken off. You can also store your hydration system in the inner pocket. The Ortlieb Elevation Pro2 weights 1700 grams

## Thule Capstone 22L, 32L, 40L and 50L 
Thule updated it's Capstone range for 2017 with an improved shoulder adjustment system and a VersaClick hip belt - an interchangeable system to customize the backpack with other accessories.

* Thule Capstone 22 (880 grams)
* Thule Capstone 32 (1220 grams)
* Thule Capstone 40 (1400 grams)
* Thule Capstone 50 (1460 grams) 

## Thule Guidepost 65L, 75L and 85L
The Thule Guidepost will offer an updated suspension system and hipbelt in 2017. There is also a new QuickFit shoulder harness on the Thule Guidepost offering 3 different shoulder strap width dettings. Thule will also oxchange the 88L Guidepost backpack with 85L version in 2017. The Thule Guidepost will also feature the VersaClick hipbelt. Also new is the PowerPocket in the backpack's lid to store your mobile devices.

* Thule Guidepost 65L (2663 grams)
* Thule Guidepost 75L (2759 grams)
* Thule Guidepost 85L (2862 grams)

---

I hope this list helps you a bit to find your best backpack for 2017 to enjoy your next outdoor adventure.

---

<script type="text/javascript">
amzn_assoc_placement = "adunit0";
amzn_assoc_search_bar = "false";
amzn_assoc_tracking_id = "hikeve-20";
amzn_assoc_search_bar_position = "top";
amzn_assoc_ad_mode = "search";
amzn_assoc_ad_type = "smart";
amzn_assoc_marketplace = "amazon";
amzn_assoc_region = "US";
amzn_assoc_title = "Search Results from Amazon";
amzn_assoc_default_search_phrase = "osprey atmos";
amzn_assoc_default_category = "All";
amzn_assoc_linkid = "965296fb866182bb89b535202541adda";
</script>
<script src="//z-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/onejs?MarketPlace=US"></script>

---

# Disclosure
I have not tested the products mentioned in this article. This list only represents a few brands. This article contains affiliate links.

---
