---
layout: post
title: Hiking and Packrafting in Norway - Finnmark
date: '2016-08-01 07:41'
comments: true
published: false
description: A hiking and packrafting adventure in Northern Norway.
category: destinations
tags:
  - destinations
  - NorwayFinnamrk
  - Kaldoaivi
  - packrafting
---

# Norway
After our packrafting trip in Finnish lapland we drove with our car up North to Norway towards the Arctic Sea. The border between Finland and Norway is nothing special. There was a custom office but no passport control.

After the border we stopped at a waterfall where we took a few pictures.

We stopped at Neiden Kroa where we had a sandwich and tea. A sandwich with meat and coffee was about 10 EUR and a cheese sandwich with tea was about 6 EUR which was also quite reasonable priced Even so the cheese sandwich was nothing special.

# Neiden Church
Our next stop was Neiden where we visited a wooden church which has been built in 1902 and offers space to 155 people.

# Fjord and Øvre Pasvik National Park
On the way to Kirkenes we stopped and climbed up a rock where we enjoyed a breathtaking view over the Fjord and the Øvre Pasvik National Park. We found out that this area was one of the sever bombed areas in Norway during the Second World War in 1944 when it was liberated by the Soviet Army. This area has a variety of nature such as arctic coasts, vast mountain plateaus, pinewoods and river valleys.

# Kirkenes
After a few kilometers we arrived in Kirkenäs which is only a few kilometers away from the Russian border. Sime street signs are in Russian snd Norwegian. The city developped economically during the last century when a mining company started to operate here.

In Kirkenes we had Greek Salad  for 145 Krona in the Centrum Kafe. Next to the cafe was the tourist office. We asked the what we could do here and he answered that there are a few Russian statues and a museum about the Second Worldwar and the Sami culture but otherwise there is nothing much to see in town. This was probably the most funniest tourist office I have ever visited. On the other hand it's a great customer service if you have a tourist office even so there are hardly any tourist attractions. We decided to have a cup of tea and continued our trip with the car to Bugøy - a one hour drive northwest of Kirkenes. On the way to Bugøy we saw a few reindeers walking around next to the road. We stopped a few times on the road along the Arctic Sea. Such a strong wind. On one sand beach we found the leg of a king crab.

# Bugøynes
Once we reached Bugøynes we visited the local cemetery as it was home of the Boreal Jacobs Ladder (Polemonium boreale) which can only be found here in Scandinavia. The village also offered an ice sauna directly at the beach which costs around 25 EUR per person. The Sauna had a Finnish name and there were quite a few people in the village who were able to speak Finnish. Also many names on the gravestones had Finnish names on it.

Then we went to the local grovery store where we bought our breakfast for the next day as we were planning to camp nearby the shore of the Arctic Sea. We also asked if there is any restaurant in the village and heared that there was a restaurant a few meters up the road which is called Bistro. Caj and Katja decided to order a King Crab and I had a oven potatoe with salad. For desert we decided to have pancake which we had to prepare ourselves. The restaurant had a big aquarium with king crabs in it and there was also free wifi which we used to check our mails. After we had dinner we went to the local tourist office and had a chat with the  person working in it. There was also a festival in town during this weekend and we decided to visit the festival tent where we listened to live music.

# Camping at the Arctic Sea
After our short visit in the festival tent we drove the street back with our car to the direction where we came from and pitched our tents on a place which looked less windy. There was also a group of Russians who were here for Fishing. I explored the area a bit while Caj prepared some tea. I walked about 1 km along along the cliffs where I found a good spot to take a picture from Bugoynes and the the Norwegian shore. Once back in camp Caj was waiting with hot tea and we decided to have a walk along the sand beach afterwards. At 10pm it was time to get into the tent as we were planning to get up at 8 am as rain was predicted at 9am.

# Nesseby Church
The next morning we woke up at 7am and had a quick breakfast at our camp and a cup of tea on a gas station in Vuonnabahta/Varrangerbotn. There is also the Varjjat Sami museum which we however did not visit as we have just been to the Siida museum in Inari a few days ago - another Sami museum. On our way to Vadsø we visited the Nesseby church which has been built in 1858 and is one of the few churches which has not been burnt down in this region by the Germans in 1944. At the church there are also prehistoric graves and a sacrificial stone from earlier Sami religious exercises. There were also fish drying racks nearby the church.

# Vadsø
Around 11am we arrived in Vadsø. It was raining and we decided to drive to the 'island' part of the city to have a short walk. The area seemed to be a popular place for bird watchers too. We had lunch in a restaurant called Opticom which seemed to be the only place open for lunch. The Tourist Office was just next to it and asked about the museum and a possible cabin for the night as it was going to rain till the next day. Panorama camping seemed to be a good option.

# Varanger Museum
After lunch we visited the Tuomainen Farm (originally called Vinikka Farm) or Kvenfarm, which was built by Johan Petter Vinikka - an Finnish immigrant - in 1851. At this time many Finns immigrated into this area. "Finn" in the word Finnmark means actually "Sami" in Norwegian languge as Finns were called "Kvens". We also visited the Esbensen estate which is oart of the museum. The entrance fee to the Tuomainen Farm was about 5 EUR.

# Climbing a hill and reindeers
After our visit to the Tuomainen museum we decided to walk up a nearby hill 121 m above the sea level which seemed to be the highest point around Vadsø with a great view over the Varanger Fjord and the city. Suddenly, we saw a big reindeer herd in front of us. A few of them had huge antlers on their head. Once they noticed us they changed their direction and walked away.

# Tea and Camping
Once we were back in the city we had a cup of tea and decided to look for a camping place where we could rent a cabin. Panorama camping located 5 km after Vatsø was closed so we decided to drive back towards Nesseby to find another camping place.

We decided to take it easy as the weather was not that good and stayed at Vestre Jakobselv Camping where we rented a cabin for around 60 eur and one hour Sauna for about 10 EUR. There was also a small restaurant in the village called "Lille Chili" where we had dinner.

# Packrafting in the Arctic See
The next morning we woke up at 8.30am, had breakfast in our cabin, packed our gear and drove to the shore of the Arctic Sea (Varenger Fjord). The weather was much better than than the last 2 days and we could even see the sun and the blue sky between the clouds. This was the first time for us to packraft in the Arctic Sea and the water was freezing cold.

# Klubben trail
After packrafting in the Arctic Sea we continued with our car to the rest stop called Murggiidgahparas or "the Club Nose" where we had a 1.8 km hike up to the Klubbfjellet 400 m above the sea level. Traces of Sami sacrifices and ancient Sami graves have been found on this Fjell in the past. The view over the Fjord was just awesome.

# Tana bridge and Utsjoki
On the way back to Finland we crossed the Tana bridge in Norway which is the most popular salmon fishing river in Finland and a fishing permit is needed to fish there. We were driving along the toad which goes next to the Tana river to Utsjoki. The landscape was awesome - the long valley with the Tana river in front of us and the Fjells next to us. The trees were already taller than at the sea and there were much more of them. There were hardly any houses along the road to Utsjoki. When we reached the Norwegian-Finnish border I decided to jump out of the car and walk over the Sami bridge. The Tana bridge was flowing under me and in the middle of the bridge was a sign showing the border between Norway and Finland. After the bridge we had a break and had a tea in Annukan Grilli just nex to the road. 4 Germans were sitting next to us eating Burgers and french fries.

# Inari
Once we arrived in Inari we went to the local K-Market to buy some food for the evening. Then we went up to Tuulisjärvi where we walked partly along the lake. As it was already 22.30 we returned to the place where we left our car and pitched our tents. As the sunset was so beautiful I went up to the hill with the radio antenna to get a few more pictures over the Inari lake. I went sleeping around 12pm and woke up the next morning around 8am. We packed our gear and drove to the airport in Inari. I had a great week and I am looking forward to visit Lapland again!
