---
layout: post
title: The best new rain jackets for 2017
description: An overview of the newest rain jackets on the market.
date: 2016-08-01 07:30:00
category: articles
tags:
  - articles
  - best
  - rain jackets
---
Need a new rain jacket for your next outdoor adventure? I always take a rain jacket with me when I go [hiking](http://www.hikeventures.com/destinations/) or cycling. Depending on the season or activity it might also be a good idea to have different rain jackets. For example if I go on a hiking or backpacking trip I usually take a very light rain jacket. For winter activities like skiing or snowboarding I would rather take a more durable jacket with me.
Here is a selection of the best new rain jackets for 2017 on the market. This is not a complete list and I may add a few more models in the future.

<!--more-->

---

#The best new waterproof rain jackets 2017

|Jacket | Weight (grams) |
|:------|-----:|
|Berghaus Hyper 100 Jacket | 97 |
| Mammut Rainspeed Ultralight HS Jacket | 120 |
|Haglöfs L.I.M. Proof Jacket | 210|
|Berghaus Deluge Light Jacket | 300 |
|Berghaus Hillwalker Jacket | 300 |
|Berghaus Paclite Storm Jacket | 300 |
|Marmot Magus Jacket| 300 |
|Berghaus Extrem Light Paclite Jacket | 320 |
|Marmot Knife Edge Jacket| 327 |
|Haglöfs Kabi (K2) Jacket Women |340|
|Berghaus Storm Jacket| 614 |

> Table is sorted by weight and only contains a selection of brands.

<hr>

# Deals
<div class="row">
  <div class="col-sm-12">
 <script type="text/javascript" src="http://classic.avantlink.com/api.php?affiliate_id=125311&module=ProductSearch&output=js&website_id=150351&search_term=Marmot rain jacket -ski -softshell -cycling -insulated OR rain jacket arcteryx -ski -softshell -cycling -insulated OR Patagonia rain jacket -ski -softshell -cycling -insulated&search_advanced_syntax=1&merchant_ids=10008%7C10060%7C11741%7C10913%7C11243%7C10785%7C10086%7C13273%7C10083%7C10248%7C10049%7C10921%7C10279%7C10345%7C10593%7C10337%7C10943&search_on_sale_only=1&search_on_sale_level=20&search_price_minimum=90&search_results_layout=list&search_results_fields=Product+Name%7CSale+Price%7CPrice+Discount+Percent&search_results_count=8&search_results_sort_order=Sale+Price"></script>
  </div>
</div>
<br>
<strong>Tip:</strong> <a href="http://www.hikeventures.com/deals/">Here</a> you can search and compare gear prices of different stores.

<hr>

## Berghaus Hyper 100 jacket
The Berghaus Hyper 100 jacket won the 2016 OutDoor Industry Awards. The Hyper 100 is the world’s lightest full mountain waterproof jacket in a three layer fabric. The jackets weights 97 grams and has a waterproofness of 20,000mm and a breathability of 50,000g/m2/24hrs.

## Berghaus Deluge Light Jacket
The Deluge Light Jacket is a waterproof jacket for every day. It features an adjustable hood and elasticated cuffs. The jacket weights 300 grams and offers 10,000mm waterproofness and a breathability of 8,000g/m2/24hrs.

## Berghaus Extrem Light Paclite Jacket
The Extrem Light Paclite Jacket is a lightweight jacket for the alpine summer days. It's made of GORE-TEX Paclite and made with Colourkind eco fabric (63% fewer chemicals and 89% less water used during the manufacturing process). It features a fully adjustable hood suitable for a climbing helmet and an internal stash pocket. The jacket weights 320 grams.

## Berghaus Storm Jacket
The Berghaus Storm Jacket weights 300 grams and packs small. It has an adjustable hood, dropped back hem and a water-resistant zip and 2 water-resistant pockets.

## Berghaus Hillwalker Jacket
The Hillwalker Jacket has been designed for hiking or walking and is made of a 2-Layer GORE-TEX Performance Shell. The jacket weights 614 grams and features a roll-away hood and two handwarmer pockets.

## Berghaus Paclite Storm Jacket
The Paclite Storm Jacket is a waterproof jacket for the trail. It weights 300 grams and comes with a GORE-TEX Paclite fabric. The jacket features a fixed fully adjustable hood, a water resistant zip, dropped hem and two water resistant zip pockets.

## Haglöfs Kabi (K2) Jacket
The Haglöfs Kabi (K2) Jacket weights 340 grams and has been designed for women. It features 3-layer Gore-Tex C-knit and Paclite fabric and a design which allows maximum freedom of movement.

## Haglöfs L.I.M Proof Jacket
The Haglöfs L.I.M Proof Jacket weights 230 grams and is a super lightweight rain jacket for hiking or trekking. It also features articulated sleeves and elasticated cuffs. The fabric is a 2,5 layer fabric with 10.000 mm moisture permeability.

## Mammut Rainspeed Ultralight HS Jacket

The Mammut Rainspeed Ultralight HS Jacket is made from GORE-TEX Active technology and made from a single piece of fabric. The seams are welded using ultrasound technology. The jacket weights 120 grams. It also comes with a chest pocket and reflective logos.

## Marmot Magus Jacket
The Marmot Magus Jacket is an all purpose stretch jacket for activities which requires a lot of movement. It features a chest pocket, hand pockets and an adjustable hood and hem.

## Marmot Knife Edge Jacket
The Marmot Knife Edge Jacket is an extra light jacket for climbing or mountaineering. The fabric is Gore-Tex Paclite.

---

Some rain jacket models in this list are made for running but I think that they still might be useful for hiking trips as well. I will probably add a few more models in the future.

---

<script type="text/javascript">
amzn_assoc_placement = "adunit0";
amzn_assoc_search_bar = "false";
amzn_assoc_tracking_id = "hikeve-20";
amzn_assoc_search_bar_position = "top";
amzn_assoc_ad_mode = "search";
amzn_assoc_ad_type = "smart";
amzn_assoc_marketplace = "amazon";
amzn_assoc_region = "US";
amzn_assoc_title = "Search Results from Amazon";
amzn_assoc_default_search_phrase = "rain jacket arcteryx men";
amzn_assoc_default_category = "All";
amzn_assoc_linkid = "965296fb866182bb89b535202541adda";
</script>
<script src="//z-na.amazon-adsystem.com/widgets/onejs?MarketPlace=US"></script>

---

# Disclosure
I have not tested the products mentioned in this article. This list only represents a few brands. This article contains affiliate links.

---
